fix sns publishing from update_state (#315)
cirrus-geo/cirrus-geo: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Fixed

- Removed direct usage of `SNSPublisher.send`, which was not intended, and
  moved that method to be `SNSPublisher._send` to indicate that

>   intention. ([#315])

Reviewer: Nit: I might suggest adding a description of the bug here, in addition to this perfectly reasonable explanation of the fix for the bug.

Author: ```suggestion
- `SNSPublisher.send` being used directly with more than 10 messages in a call was 
  failing at the SNS API.  As direct usage of `send` was not intended, that method
  has been moved to `_send`, for alignment with its purpose as an internal message
  sending function. ([#315])
```
